95: Use correct AppImage link for Linux install script, check documentation, add appium inspector capability set to exercise 3 (#12)
pumaworkshop/puma-workshop: README.md

a view-once photo.
Because this only occurs the first time, it is not handled by the code. The advice is when running into this problem,
manually click `Ok` on the pop-up and try again. To ensure this does not happen in the middle of your test data script,
first do a test run by executing the test script for your application.

### My application is not present on the device
Install the APK on the device you want to use.

> This can be done by dragging the APK file onto the emulator, this automatically installs the APK on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an emulator, this can be done by dragging the APK file onto the emulator, this automatically installs the APK on the device.
```

> Alternatively, you could use `adb install`. See the [developer docs](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb#move)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For physical devices as well as emulators, you could use `adb install`. See the [developer docs](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb#move)
```
